README.md, before:

# HomeBridgr

A Next.js TypeScript application.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Project Structure

```
├── app/                 # Next.js 13+ App Router
│   ├── globals.css     # Global styles
│   ├── layout.tsx      # Root layout component
│   ├── page.tsx        # Home page
│   ├── api/            # API routes
│   ├── protected/      # Protected routes
│   └── public/         # Public routes
├── components/         # Reusable React components
├── lib/               # Utility functions and configurations
├── public/            # Static assets
├── styles/            # Additional stylesheets
├── next.config.js     # Next.js configuration
├── tsconfig.json      # TypeScript configuration
└── package.json       # Dependencies and scripts
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

- `npm run dev` - Runs the development server
- `npm run build` - Builds the app for production
- `npm run start` - Runs the built app in production mode
- `npm run lint` - Runs ESLint to check for code issues
- `npm run type-check` - Runs TypeScript compiler to check for type errors
- `npm run bedrock:analyze -- "<caption>"` - Calls the Bedrock-backed caption analyzer from the command line

## AWS Bedrock Integration

See `docs/bedrock_setup.md` for step-by-step instructions on enabling Bedrock and wiring credentials.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

Commit message:

docs(vercel): add note for Lightning CSS optional deps; fix build-blocking ESLint issues

README.md, after:

# HomeBridgr

A Next.js TypeScript application.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Project Structure

```
├── app/                 # Next.js 13+ App Router
│   ├── globals.css     # Global styles
│   ├── layout.tsx      # Root layout component
│   ├── page.tsx        # Home page
│   ├── api/            # API routes
│   ├── protected/      # Protected routes
│   └── public/         # Public routes
├── components/         # Reusable React components
├── lib/               # Utility functions and configurations
├── public/            # Static assets
├── styles/            # Additional stylesheets
├── next.config.js     # Next.js configuration
├── tsconfig.json      # TypeScript configuration
└── package.json       # Dependencies and scripts
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

- `npm run dev` - Runs the development server
- `npm run build` - Builds the app for production
- `npm run start` - Runs the built app in production mode
- `npm run lint` - Runs ESLint to check for code issues
- `npm run type-check` - Runs TypeScript compiler to check for type errors
- `npm run bedrock:analyze -- "<caption>"` - Calls the Bedrock-backed caption analyzer from the command line

## Vercel Build Notes

Tailwind CSS v4 uses Lightning CSS under the hood, which ships native binaries as optional dependencies. On Vercel, ensure optional dependencies are installed so the native module is available on Linux:

- Project Settings → Build & Development Settings → Install Command: `npm install --include=optional`
- Alternatively, add environment variable `NPM_CONFIG_INCLUDE=optional` for your project.

Without this, builds may fail with errors like:

`Error: Cannot find module '../lightningcss.linux-x64-gnu.node'`

## AWS Bedrock Integration

See `docs/bedrock_setup.md` for step-by-step instructions on enabling Bedrock and wiring credentials.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!
